# launch.api_client.model.service_tier.ServiceTier

Specifies the latency tier to use for processing the request. This parameter is relevant for customers subscribed to the scale tier service:   - If set to 'auto', and the Project is Scale tier enabled, the system     will utilize scale tier credits until they are exhausted.   - If set to 'auto', and the Project is not Scale tier enabled, the request will be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarentee.   - If set to 'default', the request will be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarentee.   - If set to 'flex', the request will be processed with the Flex Processing service tier. [Learn more](/docs/guides/flex-processing).   - When not set, the default behavior is 'auto'.    When this parameter is set, the response body will include the `service_tier` utilized. 

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict, str, date, datetime, uuid.UUID, int, float, decimal.Decimal, bool, None, list, tuple, bytes, io.FileIO, io.BufferedReader,  | frozendict.frozendict, str, decimal.Decimal, BoolClass, NoneClass, tuple, bytes, FileIO | Specifies the latency tier to use for processing the request. This parameter is relevant for customers subscribed to the scale tier service:   - If set to &#x27;auto&#x27;, and the Project is Scale tier enabled, the system     will utilize scale tier credits until they are exhausted.   - If set to &#x27;auto&#x27;, and the Project is not Scale tier enabled, the request will be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarentee.   - If set to &#x27;default&#x27;, the request will be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarentee.   - If set to &#x27;flex&#x27;, the request will be processed with the Flex Processing service tier. [Learn more](/docs/guides/flex-processing).   - When not set, the default behavior is &#x27;auto&#x27;.    When this parameter is set, the response body will include the &#x60;service_tier&#x60; utilized.  | if omitted the server will use the default value of auto

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

